# OIBSIP
Oasis Infobyte Internship GitHub repo

 # <center>Task 2</center>

**<center>NUMBER GUESSING GAME</center>**

The fun and easy project “Guess the Number” is a short Java project that allows the user to guess the number generated by the computer & involves the following steps:

1. The system generates a random number from a given range, say 1 to 100.
2. The user is prompted to enter their given number in a displayed dialogue box.
3. The computer then tells if the entered number matches the guesses number or it is higher/lower than the generated number.
4. The game continues under the user guessing the number.


# Explanation of the game 

* Try and Catch method is used
* Switch cases are also used in this game.

Users have to select the option.

1. To play the Game 
2. To Exit 
 
If a user selects the 1<sup>st</sup> option, then the game starts
and then users have to select range form 1 to any range.<br>
After that, they have to Guess the number if that number match with the Random number selected by the computer with in the range then program return the points and number of attempts.

If a user selects the 2<sup>nd</sup> options then the program Exit.


# <center>Task 3</center>
**<center>ATM INTERFACE</center>**

We have all come across ATMs in our cities, and it is built on Java. This complex project consists of
five different classes and is a console-based application. When the system starts, the user is
prompted with user id and user pin. On entering the details successfully, then ATM functionalities
are unlocked. The project allows performing the following operations:

1. Transactions History
2. Withdraw
3. Deposit
4. Transfer
5. Quit

In this task, we created a simple ATM Interface where an existing user can perform some task.<br>
 **User can check the Transaction History** <br>
**User can Withdraw the Money**<br> 
**User can Deposit the money**<br>
**User can Transfer the money to an existing user**<br>
**User can Quit the Menu**




















